So we connect the new training component.
The current training component isn't working though which makes a lot of sense if you think about it
because we haven't worked on it.
It's certainly fetching the wrong training.
How does a training get started in new training.
When we start training we call start exercise in the service.
So in the training service we actually dispatch does start training for it to select that ideal which
in turn goes to our producer and in the reducer we find a training and started as the act of training.
So in the current training component we have to connect to this now to find out what the current training
is and to correctly display it of course.
For that we get this get running exercise call here that reaches out to the training service and from
there it returns this running exercise which turns out is this one which we now never set though because
we're now managing this all through the store.
So we should go to the current training and change this logic we can directly inject our store into
this component.
And for this all of course is always import my store from at ngi our ex store.
I'll also need to import my reducers so ask from training from my training reducer file and then in
the constructor we can inject this.
So I'll inject my store here which will be of type from training state this line was added with that
add it an NGO in it we start or resume the timer business.
All right.
But this year where we get the duration that this should be changed.
Now we don't really need an ongoing subscription as it looks like.
So what we can simply do is we can go into start or resume Taimur and there we can reach out to the
store called select from training get active training and then subscribe to it.
So we won't use that with the casing pipe and the template we subscribe to it's here now there we know
that we will get the exercise which will be of type exercise.
We don't even we don't even need to add data type because time knows it due to our complex set up we
did.
So now we get that exercise here and now we can simply calculate a step and run this entire code inside
of this function.
Now we need to do all of that inside here because it happens asynchronously.
So all data is only available inside of this function.
So here I want to calculate a step and I get that directly from the exercise which was loaded.
And then we set the timer this timer refers to this timer properties still we set the intro will and
this should all be fine.
I also still want to complete the exercise in the service and so on.
This looks good to me.
Now with that little change let's see if everything works as expected.
Let's reload our application and log in and let's do some side lungis and this looks actually good.
Now if I stop this we stopped the timer.
If I continue it continues and if I quit den we get an error that we can't read Property duration of
undefined.
Now this however is not stemming directly from the current training here.
Instead what's happening is in the current training if we stop here we call training service cancel
exercise now into training service cancel exercise.
Here we get data to database and we referred to the running exercise.
The same is the case for the complete exercise here by the way.
Now this of course won't work because this running exercise is not managed anymore.
Instead they're running exercise is part of our story.
It's no problem though we can use the story from within the service we already injected it.
We can select from training get running we get active training just as we did in the component and subscribe
to it.
And in here just as in the component we get the running exercise and then we use that information to
add this to the database and we referred to the exercise we retrieve from the store then we dispatch
and we use the same logic in canceller exercise.
We get the active training and then we override the duration of the calories.
So we first of all get all the properties of the running exercise and then we set duration and calories
but we don't set it to this running exercise to ration calories.
But just to be fetched exercise to ration and calories.
So the one coming from our store.
And then we can get rid of this method here too.
And of debt too.
So now we're still adding this to the database sending us to angle of fire but we're basing this on
the exercise we got in our store and then we dispatch stop training.
Now with that we're almost done.
One thing I can do is I can get rid of these get running exercise method here training service we don't
use that anymore.
Now these are good changes.
They have one problem though.
We subscribe to updates in the act of training here right.
The problem is we're not really interested in all these updates.
I only want to take one one at this point of time right.
Because otherwise we'll always get informed whenever active training changes here.
We get reactive training whenever that changes we'll get informed.
And worst of all we added to the database we don't want to do that.
So what I'll do instead is I'll take one just as we did it before.
However you learned that for this you need the pipe so let's pipe take one here.
And for that we need to import to take operator.
So all in all it take from our ex-chief as Slash operators
and I'll copy that also to complete exercise here.
So basically when ever I just want to get the currently running active exercise and then of course also
means that I should go to recurrent training component where we also get this exercise only once an
addict is here.
And for that I also need to import to take operator in the current training component.
So here all imports take from are as checks as operators.
Now if that if we save this then we go back.
We shouldn't get this error anymore because now we don't have a subscription offer we need it.
So we start we stop and this works.
Last stop our deep past exercises.
So let's move on to D.C. now.